Now I'm not gonna deploy this just yet,
we always say that at the end,
got a little treat.
Everything works well, and if it doesn't,
that's where I sweat and panic, but
we're gonna pretend like
that's not gonna happen.
Next thing we're gonna do is we
have the hash, we have the CDK.
I think we should define the function
that's gonna interact with our database on
logging in the user, so
getting that user, retrieving that user.
Because like I said, I like working
from the lowest level all the way up.
It just makes it easier for
me to think about it in a weird way.
And also, there's a fun little gotcha
that we're gonna showcase here, cool.
So we have the DoesUserExist, this is
where also, if you remember what I said,
we could have made the first
function essentially return this.
You could still do that.
Honestly, if you want,
go ahead and do that.
I'm gonna keep it separate and
it's gonna be a lot of repeating code.
Please, clean code enthusiasts,
I apologize, sincerely, sincerely,
sincerely.
But this is just for
me to kind of showcase how we can defined
functions under this method, call them.
But of course,
there's a way to make it better.
So here we're gonna do a func u,
it's gonna be our DynamoDBClient and
it's gonna be called GetUser.
What GetUser is going to
take is a username, string.
And what is it gonna return?
It's gonna return type.user and
an error, right?
Cuz we're no longer gonna be
handling those registered users.
So we have this, and just like the code we
wrote above, it's gonna be very similar.
We're gonna call our database store,
we're gonna get the item.
We're gonna see if it exists if it's no,
whatever.
And then we're gonna go
unmarshal it to our user struct.
So I'm gonna go into what
that really means, okay?
So here let's go ahead, first declare or
instantiate a user var.
So var user is gonna be types user and
that's it.
So remember now it's a nil value, because
now it's a zero value of our struct, okay?
So now, we can go ahead and
basically retrieve the item.
So we can do result error is going to be
u.databaseStore.Getitem, okay?
And this get item is
DynamoDB.GetItemInput.
First field, let's put in our table
name just to get that out of the way,
aws.String(TABLE_NAME).
The second value is gonna be a key,
could be map(string).
And it's going to be pointer
to dynamodb.attribute value.
All right, I'm gonna assemble
the exact same thing as we did before.
I'm gonna assemble this key as a string,
where we're gonna pass in that username
as the main field that we're
trying to retrieve from.
So here we're gonna put username,
struct string aws.String and
put that username that we get
as the argument in GetUser.
All right, and here I'm gonna do if
the error does not equal to nil.
What we're gonna do is return that user
that we have defined right above here.
Okay, we're gonna return that and
the error, right?
Then we're gonna check
if result.item is nil.
This is basically saying,
this user does not exist, okay?
So we're gonna again return the user.
I'm gonna do format.Errorf,
I'm gonna say user not found.
And this is where the difference comes
from the previous DoesUserExists function.
We're gonna create something
called a Dynamo DB attribute
to unmarshal the value that's
stored in our Dynamo DB to
the struct we have created above here,
to our user struct.
So we need to modify our import,
I'm gonna paste this.
And at the end, it's gonna be, what is it?
dynamodbattribute, dynamodbattribute.
Go all the way down.
We're basically gonna say error is
going to be that attribute value,
so dynamodbattribute's
already populating for us.
dynamodbattribute, I'm
gonna do unmarshall.
And it's not gonna just
a regular unmarshall,
it's gonna be an unmartial map.
I'm gonna take the result, so result.item,
I'm gonna unmarshal it into our var.
Or not var sorry, our user.
Okay, and then we can lastly do if error
does not, oops does not equal to nil,
return user and that error,
otherwise, let's return user.
So it's basically the exact same function
that we wrote for DoesUserExist, but
with this added unmarshaling.
I'm gonna go into details of what
unmarshaling truly means in just
a little bit.